# workmanager
Work Manager is designed to for easy setup and configuration of multi-threaded processes where you know what operations you wish to perform at design time. 

Work Manager is designed for easily setting up a multi-threaded operations that include a number of features to make managing the entire process easier. When working with WorkerPool there are 2 key concepts to keep in mind: pools and workers. A pool is a collection of workers. When a pool is started up to the max thread count of workers in the pool will be started. If there are some workers in the pool that must wait for the completion of one or more other workers in the pool before they can safely be started you can set a precedence constraint on that worker. Precedence Constraints are simple a list of thread names (Strings) of the other "parent" workers that the "child" worker needs to wait for. If a parent worker fails, the child worker will not be started.Finally you can have more than one pool, allowing you to create larger logical blocks of code that will run in sequence.

Workers are objects that once started will do the actual work. To create a worker simply create your own class that extends the worker class Worker. That class has all of the required methods implemented, except, the worker method, which you will need to overwrite and implement with your own code. The worker method expects critical errors to be thrown, where they will be caught by the class you extended, and the status will be updated to failed automatically. Therefore you should only catch errors if they do not represent the class failing and you want your  the code in that class to continue executing. Remember that even if one worker fails, by default, all other workers in the pool will still run, and any other pools will still execute, that behavior is controlled by stopAllRunningOnFailure and dontStartNextPoolOnFailure respectively.
